GSoC 2021: Update the main page to reflect the current status, add org admin links, remove jumbotron (#4278)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/projects/gsoc/index.adoc

=== Chats

> * link:https://gitter.im/jenkinsci/gsoc-sig[GSoC Gitter channel] for organizational topicsrelated to Jenkins in GSoC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://gitter.im/jenkinsci/gsoc-sig[GSoC Gitter channel] for organizational topics related to Jenkins in GSoC
```
